     Computers  Computers are  Computers are widely  Computers are widely used  Computers are widely used to  Computers are widely used to help  Computers are widely used to help produce  Computers are widely used to help produce written  documents.  Computers are widely used to help produce written documents.  One  Computers are widely used to help produce written documents.  One desirable  
     capability capability of  capability of a  capability of a word  capability of a word processing  capability of a word processing system  capability of a word processing system is  capability of a word processing system is margin  manipulation.  capability of a word processing system is margin manipulation.  This  capability of a word processing system is margin manipulation.  This enables  
     text text to  text to be  text to be formatted  text to be formatted with  text to be formatted with a  text to be formatted with a left  text to be formatted with a left and  text to be formatted with a left and right  text to be formatted with a left and right margin  text to be formatted with a left and right margin selected  text to be formatted with a left and right margin selected by  text to be formatted with a left and right margin selected by a  user.  text to be formatted with a left and right margin selected by a user.  The  text to be formatted with a left and right margin selected by a user.  The word  
     processing processing program  processing program allocates  processing program allocates words  processing program allocates words to  processing program allocates words to lines  processing program allocates words to lines in  processing program allocates words to lines in order  processing program allocates words to lines in order to  processing program allocates words to lines in order to satisfy  processing program allocates words to lines in order to satisfy the  processing program allocates words to lines in order to satisfy the margin  
     requirements.For requirements.For this  requirements.For this project  requirements.For this project you  requirements.For this project you are  requirements.For this project you are to  requirements.For this project you are to write  requirements.For this project you are to write a  requirements.For this project you are to write a program  requirements.For this project you are to write a program which  requirements.For this project you are to write a program which will  requirements.For this project you are to write a program which will process  requirements.For this project you are to write a program which will process a  
     text text file  text file and  text file and produce  text file and produce as  text file and produce as output  text file and produce as output   text file and produce as output  a)  text file and produce as output  a) a  text file and produce as output  a) a displayed  text file and produce as output  a) a displayed listing  text file and produce as output  a) a displayed listing of  text file and produce as output  a) a displayed listing of the  text file and produce as output  a) a displayed listing of the edited  text file and produce as output  a) a displayed listing of the edited text  text file and produce as output  a) a displayed listing of the edited text and  text file and produce as output  a) a displayed listing of the edited text and   
     also also b)  also b) save  also b) save the  also b) save the produced  also b) save the produced file  also b) save the produced file on  also b) save the produced file on your  also b) save the produced file on your directory  (DAT1.TXT).  also b) save the produced file on your directory (DAT1.TXT).  The  also b) save the produced file on your directory (DAT1.TXT).  The input  also b) save the produced file on your directory (DAT1.TXT).  The input data  
     must must contain  must contain (the  must contain (the text  must contain (the text file)  must contain (the text file) two  must contain (the text file) two integers  must contain (the text file) two integers (inches)  must contain (the text file) two integers (inches) specifying  must contain (the text file) two integers (inches) specifying the  must contain (the text file) two integers (inches) specifying the left  must contain (the text file) two integers (inches) specifying the left and  
     right right margins,  right margins, respectively,  right margins, respectively, to  right margins, respectively, to be  right margins, respectively, to be used  right margins, respectively, to be used in  right margins, respectively, to be used in generating  right margins, respectively, to be used in generating the  right margins, respectively, to be used in generating the output  listing.  right margins, respectively, to be used in generating the output listing.    
     With With these  With these margins  With these margins in  With these margins in mind,  With these margins in mind, your  With these margins in mind, your program  With these margins in mind, your program should  With these margins in mind, your program should process  With these margins in mind, your program should process the  With these margins in mind, your program should process the remaining  With these margins in mind, your program should process the remaining text  With these margins in mind, your program should process the remaining text in  
     the file.  the file.  The  the file.  The program  the file.  The program should  the file.  The program should include  the file.  The program should include as  the file.  The program should include as many  the file.  The program should include as many words  the file.  The program should include as many words as  the file.  The program should include as many words as can  the file.  The program should include as many words as can “fit”  the file.  The program should include as many words as can “fit” between  
     the margins.  the margins.  No  the margins.  No words  the margins.  No words should  the margins.  No words should extend  the margins.  No words should extend beyond  the margins.  No words should extend beyond the  the margins.  No words should extend beyond the right  margin.  the margins.  No words should extend beyond the right margin.  (Note:  the margins.  No words should extend beyond the right margin.  (Note: your  
     program program need  program need not  program need not “right  program need not “right justify”  program need not “right justify” the  program need not “right justify” the text!  program need not “right justify” the text! It  program need not “right justify” the text! It must  program need not “right justify” the text! It must simply  program need not “right justify” the text! It must simply observe  program need not “right justify” the text! It must simply observe the  
     margins.)For margins.)For this  margins.)For this problem,  margins.)For this problem, a  margins.)For this problem, a “word”  margins.)For this problem, a “word” is  margins.)For this problem, a “word” is any  margins.)For this problem, a “word” is any sequence  margins.)For this problem, a “word” is any sequence of  margins.)For this problem, a “word” is any sequence of consecutive  
     non-blank non-blank characters,  non-blank characters, and  non-blank characters, and thus  non-blank characters, and thus may  non-blank characters, and thus may include  non-blank characters, and thus may include punctuation  non-blank characters, and thus may include punctuation or  non-blank characters, and thus may include punctuation or special  characters.  
     There There may  There may be  There may be trailing  There may be trailing blanks  There may be trailing blanks after  There may be trailing blanks after words  There may be trailing blanks after words which  There may be trailing blanks after words which your  There may be trailing blanks after words which your program  There may be trailing blanks after words which your program should  ignore.  
     Your Your program  Your program should  Your program should leave  Your program should leave 1  Your program should leave 1 blank  Your program should leave 1 blank between  Your program should leave 1 blank between words,  Your program should leave 1 blank between words, and  Your program should leave 1 blank between words, and 2  Your program should leave 1 blank between words, and 2 blanks  Your program should leave 1 blank between words, and 2 blanks between  Your program should leave 1 blank between words, and 2 blanks between sentences  
     in in the  in the output  in the output (listing  in the output (listing and  in the output (listing and saved  file).  in the output (listing and saved file).  You  in the output (listing and saved file).  You need  in the output (listing and saved file).  You need to  in the output (listing and saved file).  You need to be  in the output (listing and saved file).  You need to be concerned  in the output (listing and saved file).  You need to be concerned with  
     paragraphs paragraphs and  paragraphs and all  paragraphs and all lines,  paragraphs and all lines, including  paragraphs and all lines, including the  paragraphs and all lines, including the first,  paragraphs and all lines, including the first, should  paragraphs and all lines, including the first, should begin  paragraphs and all lines, including the first, should begin at  paragraphs and all lines, including the first, should begin at the  paragraphs and all lines, including the first, should begin at the left  margin.  
     You You may  You may also  You may also assume  You may also assume the  You may also assume the maximum  You may also assume the maximum input  You may also assume the maximum input line  You may also assume the maximum input line is  You may also assume the maximum input line is 80  You may also assume the maximum input line is 80 characters  You may also assume the maximum input line is 80 characters long.You  You may also assume the maximum input line is 80 characters long.You should  
     create create your  create your own  create your own data  create your own data file,  create your own data file, as  create your own data file, as described,  create your own data file, as described, and  create your own data file, as described, and name  create your own data file, as described, and name it  DAT1.TXT  create your own data file, as described, and name it DAT1.TXT  on  create your own data file, as described, and name it DAT1.TXT  on your  
     directory.  directory.  You  directory.  You should  directory.  You should develop  directory.  You should develop an  algorithm.  directory.  You should develop an algorithm.  The  directory.  You should develop an algorithm.  The program  directory.  You should develop an algorithm.  The program should  directory.  You should develop an algorithm.  The program should be  directory.  You should develop an algorithm.  The program should be developed  
     using C++.Submit  using C++.Submit  the  using C++.Submit  the following  using C++.Submit  the following sections  using C++.Submit  the following sections with  using C++.Submit  the following sections with your  using C++.Submit  the following sections with your document1)  using C++.Submit  the following sections with your document1) Requirements  using C++.Submit  the following sections with your document1) Requirements /  
     Assumptions Assumptions used2)  Assumptions used2) Algorithm  Assumptions used2) Algorithm (pseudo  Assumptions used2) Algorithm (pseudo code)3)  Assumptions used2) Algorithm (pseudo code)3) Source  Assumptions used2) Algorithm (pseudo code)3) Source code4)  Assumptions used2) Algorithm (pseudo code)3) Source code4) Test  Assumptions used2) Algorithm (pseudo code)3) Source code4) Test cases  Assumptions used2) Algorithm (pseudo code)3) Source code4) Test cases used  Assumptions used2) Algorithm (pseudo code)3) Source code4) Test cases used with  
     resultsYou resultsYou will  resultsYou will have  resultsYou will have to  resultsYou will have to demonstrate  resultsYou will have to demonstrate your  resultsYou will have to demonstrate your project  resultsYou will have to demonstrate your project to  resultsYou will have to demonstrate your project to the  class.  